More pre release fixes (#212)
blackstork-io/fabric: docs/language/configs.md

- `plugin_versions`: (optional) a map of plugin dependencies. The version constraints are defined in
  SemVer (refer to Terraform [version constraint
  syntax](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/expressions/version-constraints#version-constraint-syntax)).
- `expose_env_vars_with_pattern`: (optional) a glob pattern for environment variable names. Only the
  environment variables that match the pattern are exposed in the evaluation context. Default value
  is `FABRIC_*`. To expose all environment variables, set the value to `*`. See [Environment

>   variables]({{< ref "configs.md#environment-variables">}}) for the details.

Reviewer: FYI: Setting to null or an empty string would expose no environment variables

```

{{< hint warning >}}

> To minimize the risk of unintentionally leaking sensitive environment variables to untrustworthy
> plugins, Fabric limits which environment variables are exposed in the evaluation context.
> 

Reviewer: I'd change the wording here a little bit, "untrustworthy plugins" sounds quite bad when all of the plugins are written by us 😉 

```suggestion
In accordance to the principle of least privelege, Fabric limits which environment variables are exposed to plugins in the evaluation context.

```

Author: good point!

Only the variables with names that match the pattern set in `expose_env_vars_with_pattern` argument
(see [Global configuration]({{< ref "configs.md#global-configuration">}})) are available under `.env` key in the evaluation context.

It's recommended to use the most restrictive glob pattern possible.

> Note, the filtering doesn't apply to the variables exposed in `env` object.

Reviewer: Perhaps clarify why the difference is there?
```suggestion
Note, that the filtering doesn't apply to the variables exposed in `env` object: it's the user's responsibility to make sure that their Fabric template doesn't expose sensitive environment variables.
```
